app-crypt/pinentry stricterfail
app-text/ghostscript-gpl stricterfail
app-text/hunspell stricterfail
dev-java/gnu-classpath stricterfail
dev-java/icedtea stricterfail
dev-java/netbeans-dlight stricterfail
dev-lang/nasm stricterfail
dev-lang/rust stricterfail
dev-libs/nss stricterfail
media-libs/freeglut stricterfail
media-sound/mpg123 stricterfail

# glibc only
# imsg-buffer.c:258:3: warning: dereferencing type-punned pointer will break strict-aliasing rules [-Wstrict-aliasing]
net-misc/openntpd stricterfail

sys-apps/acl stricterfail
sys-apps/ethtool stricterfail
sys-devel/bin86 stricterfail
sys-devel/dev86 stricterfail
sys-devel/llvm stricterfail
sys-libs/libcxx stricterfail
sys-libs/ncurses stricterfail
sys-libs/pam stricterfail
www-client/firefox stricterfail
x11-libs/gdk-pixbuf stricterfail
x11-libs/gtk+:2 stricterfail
x11-libs/libdrm stricterfail
x11-libs/libva stricterfail
x11-wm/i3 stricterfail
